all right you guys I'm here to bring you
the first Marvel animated cinematic
universe and lit review and today we're
gonna do Planet Hawk now piyah Hawk
basically tells the story of the hawk
being shipped out into outer space by
The Avengers like well they're called
something else it basically consists an
Iron Man Doctor Strange mr. fantastic
and some other people but they ship them
into other spaces he was too big of a
threat to them on planet earth so they
sent them off into outer space he
escapes his his shackles on a ship and
crashes the ship on Planet where he is
captured by some type of alien race and
bone to say that inside of the cage he
meets a lot of other prisoners just like
him and the Hulk can talk in this movie
he talks pretty good okay and basically
every time every day they have a
challenge and they have to go out and
they have to fight to the death
basically until to the challenge is done
and yeah this was awesome okay I loved
Planet Hawk it was great I don't like
the fact that his eyes were red as I
should be green but maybe I'm just
nitpicking a little bit this one ours is
pg-13 too because people do get smash
killed and sawed up in half oh my god
this was great great great stuff and uh
you have revenge
you have betrayal you have romance a
little bit of romance
you have all that combined into this
film and the hawk is great
okay the hug but he he's almost like the
gray Hawk he has his own personality in
this film he says it's not just a mush
that goes off that roars around
everywhere he actually has a personality
and it's great you go you have to love
it it's just awesome the action is great
I loved it
hagh this talk takes over you know I'm
saying he becomes the the savior of that
planet and everybody starts cheering him
you know and they don't want him to
cheer yeah I'm went in the chair at a
hawk know so they tried to find a way to
kill him and then yeah and I'm pleased
Green awesome I never know if he'd go
bleed green before uh-huh that's pretty
cool so by the movies and Hawk is like
yeah Earth
okay Earth ain't nothing to me no more
and you also have like a little cameo
appearance by Thor and I believe one of
doors
ancestors but they'll come to the planet
it has something to do with some well
another character that he meets story
could they do that couple of stories by
some of the characters that he meets and
yeah it's just great fun so in the end
Planet Hulk gets a b-plus another great
Marvel Cinematic and I made it movie so
check it out let me know if you guys
think about hawk down below the
childlike it did show hate it had got
read the book that is based on I have
not yet but um yeah that's all I got for
today catch y'all later